applications: nrf5340_audio: Update controller to 3357 (#11687)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/CHANGELOG.rst

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

Controller v3357
****************

The following changes have been introduced in the v3357 of the controller:

Changes
=======

> * Fixed an issue where P0.28 - P0.31 cannot be allocated for controlling FEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where pins P0.28 to P0.31 cannot be allocated for controlling front-end modules (FEMs).
```

> * Fixed an issue where the FEM control pins cannot work when TX output power setting is 0 dBm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the FEM control pins cannot work when the TX output power setting equals 0 dBm.
```

> * Fixed an issue where pins P0.28 to P0.31 cannot be allocated for controlling front-end modules (FEMs).

Reviewer 2: This is mentioned in the known issues in doc/nrf/known_issues.rst, so it should be removed from there in this PR

Author: hmmmm, that is attached with a specific tag release, so probably the proper way is making the issue stick with (and just stop at) tag v2.4.0.

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, you're right. Sorry about that

> * Be able to read RSSI from CIS ISO channel through HCI_Read_RSSI HCI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the controller to be able to read RSSI from the CIS ISO channel using the ``HCI_Read_RSSI`` HCI command.
```
This should go to the line 20, that is above the fixes that are currently in lines 20-21. We always list updates before bug fixes.
